feat: 393 lod (#462)
Tresjs/cientos: docs/guide/misc/lod.md

# LOD (level of detail)

<DocsDemo>
  <LODDemo />
</DocsDemo>

> **Cientos** provides a component called `LOD` that show meshes with more or less geometry based on distance from the camera. based on: [LOD](https://threejs.org/docs/index.html?q=lod#api/en/objects/LOD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cientos** provides a component called `LOD` (Level of Detail) which reduces the resolution of the geometry based on distance from the camera, based on: [LOD](https://threejs.org/docs/index.html?q=lod#api/en/objects/LOD)
```

Author: I like it but, I will add decrease or increase ...

> Every level is associated with a group, and rendering can be switched between them at the distances specified. Typically you would create, say, three meshes, one for far away (low detail), one for mid range (medium detail) and one for close up (high detail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every level is associated with a group, and rendering can be switched between them at the distances specified. Typically you would create, say, three meshes: 
- one for far away (lesser detail)
- one for mid-range (medium detail) 
- one for close-up (higher detail).
```

Reviewer: @JaimeTorrealba It's easier to read on a list.

## Basic usage

> You call a `<LOD >` component choose a `distance` prop, them you put inside all the component that will be rendered at that distance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `<LOD >` component you can pass a `distance` prop, then you put inside all the components that will be rendered at that distance
```

Author: Here the prop distance is not optional, so I will put "need" instead of "can" if you agree

Reviewer: Agree
